I don't accept your apology.
You know your hundreds of thousands of surgeries
How did you get the fee?
It's your good daughter Mu Shuyu
He forced me to sell my body
Forced me to beg on my knees
But what about you?
You can stay here without eating or drinking
Threatened me by not taking medicine and destroying my kidneys
Cissy, just hate me
You can hate me like this
I know it's all my fault
I changed both of you
Are you taking your life so lightly?
Have you ever considered
I lived an extra day for you
I did my best.
Hee hee, I know I'm sorry for you.
I won't bother you anymore
But for the sake of raising you
Can I ask you one last thing?
Can you not expose the lady?
I beg you.
Lady, she can't leave the Mu family
You're doing fine now.
The lady left the wooden house
She doesn't have the ability to survive alone
With his personality, he will suffer outside.
He won't be able to make it through
You called me here just to tell me this
Ah, and
Shuyu likes Mr. Lu
Listen to me
You've been messing with him
Can you stay away from him?
Shuyu prefers Mr. Lu
Just pretend I'm begging you
You give him to the lady
So I die
I'm relieved when I die
Ms. Jiang
I'm afraid it won't work out.
Land you
Miss Wen, you can lie to me. It's so miserable.